docs: update Rust/Python migration guide for serialization (#71)
atolab/zenoh-web: content/docs/migration_1.0/Python.md

    session.declare_subscriber("my/keyepxr", lambda s: print(s))
    sleep(10) # subscriber stays in background and its callback can be called
    # `session.close()` will be called at the end of the block, and it will undeclare the subscriber
```

## Value is gone, long live ZBytes

`Value` has been split into `ZBytes` and `Encoding`. `put` and other operations now requires a `ZBytes` payload, and builders accept an optional `Encoding` parameter. 

`ZBytes` is a raw bytes container. It can be created directly from raw bytes/strings using `ZBytes` constructor. Then bytes can be retrieved using `ZBytes.to_bytes` or `ZBytes.to_string`. Sample payload is now a `ZBytes` instead of `bytes`.

- Zenoh 0.11.x

```rust
sample = subscriber.recv()
my_string = sample.payload.decode("utf-8")
```

- Zenoh 1.0.0

```rust
sample = subscriber.recv()
my_string = sample.payload.to_string()
```

You can look at a full set of examples in `examples/z_bytes.py`.

> ### Serialization

Reviewer: Same issue as on Rust: this is the only "sub-title", which makes the summary of the page look weird. Consider changing it.

```suggestion
## Serialization
```

Zenoh does provide serialization for convenience as an extension in `zenoh.ext` module. Serialization is implemented for a bunch of standard types like `int`, `float`, `list`, `dict`, `tuple`, etc. and is used through functions `z_serialize`/`z_deserialize`.

```python
input = b"raw bytes"
payload = ZBytes(input)
output = payload.to_bytes()
```

> `zenoh.ext` serialization doesn't pretend to cover every use cases, as it is just one available choice among other serialization format like JSON, Protobuf, CBOR, etc. In the end, Zenoh will just send and receive payload raw bytes independently of the serialization used.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`zenoh.ext` serialization doesn't pretend to cover all use cases, as it is just one available choice among other serialization formats like JSON, Protobuf, CBOR, etc. In the end, Zenoh will just send and receive payload raw bytes independently of the serialization used.  
```
